[DOC] basic documentation of XAI (#1775)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/guide/get_started/quick_start_guide/cli_commands.rst

    it is possible to pass both PyTorch weights ``.pth`` or OpenVINO™ IR ``openvino.xml`` to ``--load-weights`` option.

***********
Explanation
***********

> ``otx explain`` runs the explanation of a model on the specific dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``otx explain`` runs the explanation algorithm of a model on the specific dataset. It helps explain model's decision-making process in a way that is easily understood by humans.
```

Reviewer: I try to give more intuitions what is the "explain"

Author: thanks Kirill.

With the ``--help`` command, you can list additional information, such as its parameters common to all model templates:

.. code-block::

    (otx) ...$ otx explain --help
    usage: otx explain [-h] [--explain-data-roots EXPLAIN_DATA_ROOTS] [--load-weights LOAD_WEIGHTS] [--save-explanation-to SAVE_EXPLANATION] [template] {params} ...

    positional arguments:
      template              Enter the path or ID or name of the template file.
                            This can be omitted if you have train-data-roots or run inside a workspace.
      {params}              sub-command help
        params              Hyper parameters defined in template file.

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      --explain-data-roots EXPLAIN_DATA_ROOTS
                            Comma-separated paths to explain data folders.
      --save-explanation-to SAVE_EXPLANATION
                            Output path for explanation images.
      --load-weights LOAD_WEIGHTS
                            Load model weights from previously saved checkpoint.

>       --explain-algorithm LOAD_WEIGHTS

Reviewer: seems like a bug with CLI

Author: true, I corrected.

>                             Explain algorithm name, currently support "activationmap", "eigencam", "classwisesaliencymap". For Openvino task, default method will be selected.

Reviewer: Please, include one of that options in the example or point out which one is default algorithm for ``otx explain``

Author: I updated.

      --overlay-weight WEIGHT
                            Weight of the saliency map when overlaying the saliency map.

> The command below will explain the trained model on the provided dataset:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command below will generate saliency maps of the trained model on the provided dataset and saves the resulting images to ``save-explanation-to`` path:
```

Reviewer 2: I'd add `saliency map (heatmaps with areas of focus)` for better understanding

Author: I added.
